Talk Proposal (title, abstract and duration)

-- Dirk Kutscher
   Tentatively: IoT Research Ideas

-- Hagen Paul Pfeifer
   Dynamic MultiPath Routing Protocol, 30 min

-- Hannes Tschofenig
   For me it would make sense to talk about Internet of Things Security (maybe in
   context of the work we are doing on the new TrustZone for v8-M architecture).

-- Vittorio Cozzolino
   Enabling Fine-Grained Edge Offloading for IoT , 15-20 mins

-- Teemu Kärkkäinen
   Practical Opportunistic Content Dissemination Performance in Dense Network Segments (30-45min):

   Many of the existing opportunistic networking systems
   have been designed assuming a small number links per node and have trouble
   scaling to large numbers of potential concurrent communication partners. In
   the real world we often find wireless local area networks with large numbers
   of connected users – in particular in open Wi-Fi networks provided by cities,
   airports, conferences and other venues. In this talk we present a 50 client
   opportunistic network in a single Wi-Fi access point and use it to uncover
   scaling problems and to suggest mechanisms to improve the performance of
   single segment dissemination. Further, we present an algorithm for breaking
   down a single dense segment dissemination problem into multiple smaller but
   identical problems by exploiting resource (e.g., Wi-Fi channel) diversity, and
   validate our approach via simulations and testbed experiments. The ability to
   scale to high density network segments creates new, realistic use cases for
   opportunistic networking applications.


-- Quirin Scheitle
   Push Away Your Privacy: Precise User Tracking Based on TLS Client Certificate
   Authentication (TMA'17) -- can scale to 15 to 25 min --

   Abstract: "The design and implementation of cryptographic systems offer many
   subtle pitfalls. One such pitfall is that cryptography may create unique
   identifiers potentially usable to repeatedly and precisely re-identify and
   hence track users. This work investigates TLS Client Certificate
   Authentication (CCA), which currently transmits certificates in plain text. We
   demonstrate CCA’s impact on client traceability using Apple’s Apple Push
   Notification service (APNs) as an example. APNs is used by all Apple products,
   employs plain-text CCA, and aims to be constantly connected to its backend.
   Its novel combination of large device count, constant connections, device
   proximity to users and unique client certificates provides for precise client
   traceability. We show that passive eavesdropping allows to pre- cisely
   re-identify and track users and that only ten interception points are required
   to track more than 80 percent of APNs users due to global routing
   characteristics. We conduct our work under strong ethical guidelines,
   responsibly disclose our findings, and can confirm a working patch for the
   highlighted issue. We aim for this work to provide the necessary factual and
   quantified evidence about negative implications of plain-text CCA to boost
   deployment of encrypted CCA as in TLS 1.3."


Posters
-------

-- Hagen Paul Pfeifer
   Dynamic MultiPath Routing


-- Volker Hilt
   Edge Clouds - Challenges and Solutions


-- Michio Honda
   PASTE: A Networking Interface for Non-Volatile Main Memory


-- Ermias Walelgne
   Measuring The Performance of Cellular Link From Mobile Users


-- Lightweight Virtualization as Enabling Technology forFuture Smart Cars
   Roberto Morabito


-- Ljubica Pajević Kärkkäinen
   Data-driven Mobility Modeling


-- Michael Haus
   iConﬁg: What I See is What I Conﬁgure


-- Teemu Kärkkäinen
   Practical Opportunistic Content Dissemination Performance in Dense Network Segments


-- Daniel Herzog
   Recommender Systems and Mobility Services


-- Lars Wischhof
   Hybrid Solutions for Data Dissemination in Vehicular Networks


-- Severin Kacianka
   Accountability for Cyber-Physical Systems

-- Edwin Cordeiro
   Real-time Traffic Engineering in the Internet
